add docs for MADS TLS (#1055)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/docs/dev/security/certificates.md

See [Data plane proxy authentication](/docs/{{ page.version }}/security/dp-auth/) and [Zone proxy authentication](/docs/{{ page.version }}/security/zoneproxy-auth).

## Prometheus to control plane communication

You can enable TLS on the [Monitoring Assignment Discovery Service](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/traffic-metrics/).

> By default, it uses the certificate used in `tls-general`, but TLS is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, it uses the same certificate used for CP to DP communication. This is the certificate configured with the `--tls-general` options.
```

or something like this. I think just `tls-general` is unclear.

You can enable it by using the `KUMA_MONITORING_ASSIGNMENT_SERVER_TLS_ENABLED=true` environment variable.

{% tabs mads useUrlFragment=false %}
{% tab mads Kubernetes %}
Create a secret in the namespace where the control plane is installed:
```sh
kubectl create secret generic general-tls-certs -n <namespace> \
  --from-file=tls.crt=/tmp/tls.crt \
  --from-file=tls.key=/tmp/tls.key \
  --from-file=ca.crt=/tmp/ca.crt
```

Point to this secret when installing Kuma:
```sh
kumactl install control-plane \
  --tls-general-secret=general-tls-certs \
  --tls-general-ca-bundle=$(cat /tmp/ca.crt | base64) \
  --env-var 'KUMA_MONITORING_ASSIGNMENT_SERVER_TLS_ENABLED=true'
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab mads Universal %}

Configure the control plane with generated certificates:

```sh
KUMA_MONITORING_ASSIGNMENT_SERVER_TLS_CERT_FILE=/tmp/tls.crt \
  KUMA_MONITORING_ASSIGNMENT_SERVER_TLS_KEY_FILE=/tmp/tls.key \
  KUMA_MONITORING_ASSIGNMENT_SERVER_TLS_ENABLED=true \
  kuma-cp run
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

> Now You can configure Kuma's prometheus SD with the correct TLS configuration using the [Prometheus docs](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#kuma_sd_config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can configure Kuma's Prometheus SD with the correct TLS configuration using the [Prometheus docs](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#kuma_sd_config).
```
